isn't he beautiful
that's broken tusks they're just putting
his ear over his eye protection from the
Sun the sun's just started to come out
that put a stick in the in the trunk
just to keep the trunk patent so he can
breathe properly it's very reassuring to
hear the noise now we need a collar with
the bull snoring contentedly the
colouring team move in getting the GPS
collar on is the priority
it's not often a wild bull elephant lets
you get this close so the team are
taking a range of scientific data the
information gathered will help to
protect the desert elephants because the
elephant's down they might as well just
take as many samples as possible it's
getting hot so they need to work quickly
just enough time to let baby Phoebe meet
the elephant face two feet 46 one meter
20 are you done
we're done okay just drawing up down
States time for everyone to back off
everybody ready
okay let's go back to the puck he's been
down for just half an hour
the reversals gone in I'll take about
two to two minutes we also have to have
the car idling just in case it gets a
bit quicker than we anticipate and takes
offense at us being here yeah we got
some ears going
and you just
perfect
just trying to work out what's just
happened beautifully Pesce isn't it
lovely bit of trunk action you doing my
boy yeah you having a feeling after a
day or two he'll get used to his new GPS
jewelry
you